Bold lady
Is the prestige of the Holy Sun the Fox of the Girl?
This ability to shoot through the sky and the earth is really terrifying
Dad, what kind of monster is he?
Go you
Remember next
Even if it is invincible with the Temple of God
Go to war with Yun Yongzong
Even against the world
Standing on the opposite side of what I need
Do you understand?
live
Can get you
You dare to look at him again
I will cripple you immediately, what are you doing?
You don't know what you've done.
Break the engagement
Kill the unicorn
Cause monstrous disaster
These retribution
It's all your own retribution
What bullshit retribution
Even if you speak like a tiger
Even if you cheat
Don't even think about breaking my brother Lu Zhao's pride
Brother Lu Zhao, do you still remember 20 years ago?
What do the nine major families look like?
You have forgotten
But I always keep it in mind
The nine families at that time were street rats
Everyone is still early
Without status or dignity
But Zhou Xuan is a Confucian
Take life as my only nine clans
Open up new fields
My grandfather used to tell me
Jilin is the supreme capital crime carried by Fengtian
It's an ancient beast
It is the destiny of the dynasty
It's a story.
Xiangshuitian I bah
Don't threaten Song Tian here
20 years ago
Our father was blinded by this liar
Well, since you make up for it like this
Then you tell me
What just happened
What's going on?
What happens when the world that comes down changes?
Is it all robbery in the world?
That's it.
If you still don't believe
Then you deserve to be poor and endless.
The main choice, I will pay him for the return.
It's all made by taking care of the family ticket
That wasn't my intention at all.